 https://codepen.io/nyamekyeannor/pen/bGROXYK?editors=1100
 
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is Plain text written on the page Withought styles.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Html is ussed to to put plain text on your page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an atribute is a tag for example a "p tag". We use attibutes inside of an open tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    This is the headding for the page. You can use H1 just once on a page. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    an img tag is one or any img tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    we put the boiler plate where all the links as css links are stored.

    7. What is an id? 
    This is used to refrence something you would like to style in css. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    The '#' sign is used for Id's. The same Id can not be used multiple times. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    you can only use this once on a page But a class can be used multiple times.

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is used to target an HTML tag in order to style it.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    we can add classses to HTML elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    You can use multiple classes on one page.  

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?you would have to have an "a" tag and put the link within the href.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    This is the description of the image.

    15. How do I reference an id? 
    you would call it with a # sign.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    Section tags are used to section or divide out the content on the page. div is used for styling. 
    section is symantic where by div isnt. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Css is used to style the page. 

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    in css its h2{
        color:red;
    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Id is more spasific and you can only use it once on a page. you can use classes multiple times on the page. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    You will use a "." 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human{
        color:red;
    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    the parent element is above the lower element. things are usually nested inside the parent element. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar{
        color: red;
    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    this is uses to add styles to selectors

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    Line-hight

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Space-between

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    ToUpercase and ToLowercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    With the * sign 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    "PWD"

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    "LS"

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    "RM" This can not be undone. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    This alows you to keep track of your work and have a backup. 

    35. How often should I commit to github? Every 20 min or when new information is provided. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, clone to ssh, change directory, Check out branch , commite, push , Create new pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    a block element takes up the whole line and will push the line break down .

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    This allows you to place your elements anywhere on the page

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    You would have to float the element in CSS

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block: Div, OL,P tags
    Inline: span,btn,img tags
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    This is a container withing out web page where all or content is able to float around withought breaking our boarder